Tweaks to Assessment Documentation (#1124)
fairlearn/fairlearn: docs/user_guide/assessment/perform_fairness_assessment.rst

also important to consider their intersections (e.g., Black women, Latinx 
nonbinary people, etc.). :footcite:cts:`crenshaw1991intersectionality`
offers a thorough background on the topic of intersectionality.

> See the :ref:`appropriate section later in this guide <intersecting_groups>` for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`this section <intersecting_groups>` of our user guide for
```
